1 rabbit to slack code refactoring (#2)
Kv-126-DevOps/rabbit-to-slack: README.md

Channel for slack is specified during "Incoming Webhooks to slack" configuration.

### Running the application rabbit-to-slack
    git clone --branch 1-rabbit-to-slack-code-refactoring https://github.com/Kv-126-DevOps/rabbit_to_slack.git /opt/rabbit-to-slack
    docker run --network=kv126 -e RABBIT_HOST=rabbit -e RABBIT_PORT=5672 -e RABBIT_USER=mquser -e RABBIT_PW=mqpass -e RABBIT_QUEUE=slack -e SLACK_URL="<Get from https://devopskv-126.slack.com/services/3459809187923?updated=1 -> Webhook URL>" -d --name rabbit-to-slack -v /opt/rabbit-to-slack:/app python:3.9-slim sleep infinity
    docker exec rabbit-to-slack  pip install -r /app/requirements.txt
    docker exec -d rabbit-to-slack bash -c "cd /app && python ./app.py"

### Application Properties
	Parameters are set as environment variables
	
| Parameter     | Default     | 
|:--------------|:------------|
| RABBIT_HOST   |    rabbit   | 
| RABBIT_PORT   |    5672     |
| RABBIT_QUEUE  |    slack    |
| SLACK_URL     | get from the selected github repo -> Webhook URL|
	
### Testing

>     When  json-filter and rabbit-to-slack are configured , messages about new issues in the connected Github repo will be appeared in the configured for integration slack channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When json-filter and rabbit-to-slack are configured, messages about new issues in the connected Github repo will appear in the configured for integration slack channel.
```
